issues:
can't load shuffled dataset into memory
	manually shuffle
low accuracy on multi class set
	dual class set
		97% accuracy on wood in range
		70% wood oor
		96% cb
		70% cb oor
		95% stone
		65% stone oor



action items:
- obj detection
- pathfinding



OBJNN
	input: frame
	output: 100x5 (100 objects detected max, x1,y1,x2,y2,classification)

WNN
	input: frame/100x5
	output: NxF where N is the number of known game objects


1S
Pros: less developer hands on
Cons:
	hard to debug
	may be not in line with OBJNN used for frame referencing
	has to run in conjunction with OBJNN

2S
Pros:
	Less overlap between weighting and pathfinding due to only one use of OBJNN
	easier to train the first half
Cons:
	more rigid input


questions:
detect trees or wood?
	caves or ores?
	feature detection vs item dectection
is uncertainty decreasing during training or during
output size for obj detection
how to train weightNN?
	since based on looking at resources, make scnearios for each resource, then time the time it takes for it to discover the resources
		- lacks context of dtree

2 weeks of october
4 weeks of november
showcase - dec 1st

work to be done
- locator
- WNN
- OBJNN
- presentation







cross-level pooling

keep track of sunken costs

decreasing uncertainty as training increases

making decision under uncertainty vs under risk

full game integration - actions

deeper test level



post-training functionality (enabled once training is finished)
	sunken cost tracking
	uncertainty vs risk tracking



Semester 2 goals
- action selection on learned causality relationships
	2 actions are scaled to be 25 and 30, but if I pursue the 30 first, I predict that the previously 25 action will only be 5, making pursuing the 30 first more efficient
- factoring in environmental hazards when weighing decisions
	water might be in the way of a resource, making the seemingly cheap resource more expensive to get to
- can you model a combat system off of this?
	not really, because you'd have to initially spawn a FUCKTON of identical branches for 'kill enemy' or 'stay alive'
		unless branches can be re-spawned dynamically

___ uses AI to efficiently accomplish top level goals in an environment with strict goal dependency hierarchies.
Before simulation, ___ breaks down the top level goal's dependencies into a recursive tree of sub-goals, called a dependency tree.
During simulation, ___ uses ML algorithms to analyze world state and player state to select and execute the most efficient sub-goal from the top level goal's dependency tree.
After simulation, ___ trains its ML model to improve its mappings of world/player states to their corresponding sub-goal choices.

--------

learn relations of previously pursued actions on a given action in addition to scales

-randomness of environment
- training data vs simualtion data

-picking choices to minimize other choices in terms of solutions/attributes for PST (can it be done, period)



--------


In depth:
Before simulation, ___ breaks down the top level goal's dependencies into a recursive tree of sub-goals by matching known actions
	(that have known world/player state requirements and results) to goals, and creating sub-goals to represent those action's dependencies, and so on.
	Some actions are pooled to improve tree efficiency, and inefficient or recursive actions are pruned.
During simulation, ___ uses ML algorithms to analyze world state and player state to select and execute the most efficient sub-goal from the top level goal's dependency tree.
After simulation, ___ trains its ML model to improve its mappings of world/player states to their corresponding sub-goal choices,
	and trains the known actions' costs to better match their real costs.





look at sims for scheduling processes


cost learned by clocking action execution times
	for variable time processes like path finding???
		different instances of path finding for different resources types
			finding trees might require different  process than finding stone
		constant times like how long to hit a block are pointless to learn because it depends on tool
			is it really pointless to learn?
				potentially results in overuse of tools/excess harvested resources
cost scalar learned by comparing anticipated time, estimated scaled time, and actual scaled time and adjusting in the direction of (actual scaled time - estimated scaled time)
	learned after task completion




or decomp until actiontarget level, pool, then keep doing decomp until action layer, etc

if this AT's prereq  matches or exceeds this AT's PSS's PST attribute or any parent's, then it should be pruned.





test work rules:
/gamerule doDaylightCycle false
/time set 6000
